so um what we're doing now is mostly a
software day because uh everything seems
to be working the
um uh it's just now we need to control
this thing over
ESP and I also need to buy a bunch of
stuff off
Amazon I want to get a smaller motor
driver um I think I might need like
a let's see
I want to close this I feel like I don't
like having Amazon open on stream
um uh but I need 5 volts
to give to the Pico and it's only going
to draw in the mamps so I'm not really
concerned about its power draw
but does 7805 go up um High Enough
oh oh this is
sick okay so uh we probably have I
probably have some of those actually I
probably bought I think for the uh
okay
so okay so let's
um wait can I just get the newest
Android Studio I feel like this is not
the newest Android Studio I just
downloaded
okay what the hell I just
koala you know I don't I don't care it's
all the same [__] think you do no wait
you just do this oh
app this
um but where is that thing that actually
makes the
uh
request maybe I'll have to go upstairs
and see if that's
even
um the
right
H I thought it was though let me see let
me open up camera X
app oh this was mine but you know what
it was it was like a it was like a work
of ml
kit that's what I
need
um this is the one that was working
actually add code to control
Servo yeah so this is it oh and and it
was all like total crap too we need to
get rid of that and just
say yeah okay so we're good
let me just clone
this into
here okay so let's open
that open and then what we actually want
to do is we want to
go which one is it
in
um Vision quick
start Android Vision quick start that's
pretty
easy Vision quick start
okay uh
yeah okay so dude can I should I do this
I don't even know if I should do this
this happens every time
I feel like I don't want to do
that but it is so slow okay anyways
let's
um Okay so
[Music]
step down voltage regulator I don't know
how these work actually but yeah we just
need a so let me just all right let's
just go to
Amazon five pack for $7 that's pretty
nice
oh wait you got to input you got to
actually control it or how does that
work it's continuously adjustable that's
pretty sweet actually
25 for yeah see that's the
thing and for the amount of current that
it's drawing I
mean I'll just I I could literally just
Shield the uh
tab I'm guessing we probably have some
though
okay because basically what I
want is to only have to have one cable
plugging into this
thing okay is this thing ready
yet holy hell okay fine so let's just
look at the code then
projects what the [__] this stuff gives
me such a
headache can I just
like how do I open up
a how do I search for
files main activity
I forgot about all of this dude it's so
insane what file was I
editing build that Gradle manifest okay
uh I mean it how can you even like h i I
hate this so much okay Android vision
quickart
app Source main Java
com Source wait how do I
just yeah app Source
main Java com
Google okay cotland
base
detector here we go okay so we want
to okay so we need to actually read this
code and I need to change the theme of
this thing this thing is disgusting
isn't there like a control shift a oh
actions theme
okay wait I want to go back to the
Android style though so you go cotlin
base detector okay so this is where
we're
editing
so
um what is
this we need a way to
set the um
this okay so first off let's not use
real P
ID all we need to
do is say okay the camera is looking
this way and the face is here meaning
the okay if the face is off
by let's say um
pixels e
oh right heeld of
view okay te the offset yeah normal the
offset okay that's
fine map an map the normalized offset to
a rotation
angle
oh right so you need to be able to map
the yeah okay so that's totally fine and
that all makes sense
but we need to know the pixel
6 back camera
fov has
two is that
true so when I open the C okay
that's just
okay here we
go so I'm guessing that it
um okay so let's just say it's an
okay so let's um
let's do
uh this okay so this is just Direction
but we need it to
be okay
wait it's six it's 1600 right if I
do this and I run this
thing I feel like it's going more than
1,600 let's
um let's see if my pen will work
feel like that's going more than one
full
rotation but it literally is set
to wait why did it stop
the hell happened
it's definitely not 8,000
so this should be
oh
wait no it's just
[Music]
um yeah this is oh wait I need to do it
here so I need a
where did I put that freaking little
screwdriver let's turn this
off
okay let try it again
okay now now it is okay so I fully trust
the
1600 uh steps per Revolution
now okay so that's
fine
uh so that's cool so we just need to
tell it uh so
oops oh wait not back and forth this so
first off it's
1600 revise this to take a number of of
steps
as
input
okay that's interesting that you yeah it
doesn't have a request library that
uh you know you got to just do it
randomly like
that okay
so let's start this
thing okay it works
what
okay
um so uh okay let's go back to the end
code
and
um this is going to be 478
right oh why did I close that code that
had all my to-do list things
whatever so um
I kind of want to write this code myself
low
key
so we don't need any of that
[Music]
um okay so uh we just want to add a
uh can I just do that I don't even
wait wait I don't think it's supposed to
be in
there whatever we'll just hardcode it in
it's not a big deal
okay so
uh we just need to normalize
it yeah so
um oh wait it's the offset yeah error X
over uh
is it the
overlay is this a function what the who
would write this
function okay whatever
oh
wait um for
and then I think we'll still need
um I don't know we'll see how well field
of viewbase tracking works but um
hopefully this just works because I'm
not having it
really is it not done
oh wait what the hell is it adding all
this crap for was that already
there it added in so much random stuff
I think we just need
this wait what
and then we just need to
update
this oh that's what happened
dude
what I seriously hate this
[__] okay
like why is it adding all this that's
not in here oh I guess it is okay
what was it in there oh that's
weird
okay so are we good
let's read the function
actually e
dude I hate this thing so much
interfacing with Android just
sucks how does this take this long I
just don't understand
dude there is no way that people live
like this maybe it is that stupid
okay oh wow it's
um oh
what wait is it
this e
it's this I
think do we have
logs open log cat open log cat where the
[__] is
it
what oh
oh yeah what do I have to do I forgot
about
this how do I pause
it I forgot about
this I thought I did the oh you know
what it is okay
we just need to add
um oh but that's annoying
actually is there a way to do
it for any on the
land it's not guaranteed that the Pico
gets that IP
just put stars there
oh oh interesting I didn't know that's
how they do
that okay let's see if that
works how do we rerun
it wait now how do I okay
rebuild surely I must have to re uh
I should delete this whole app and just
replace it with the stuff that
works what the [__]
dude why isn't co-pilot
doing I really don't like this but
whatever okay so I'm going to stop it
and I'm going to click
this I'm just not sure that
oh it's moving holy
[__] oh
[__] okay so the
the um
okay
e
e e
wait why doesn't it do anything anymore
the set screws keep coming loose I
think no way it's just um
no
I don't know why it like
stops working can we
see can we print some of the um
let's see handle
request set motor okay yeah that makes
sense
um can I just do
print that's so sick
uh can I do F
strings I don't think that works
yeah so you can't do that so
um is there a way to print without a
newon oh my God
so many connections from it though okay
so let's try to rerun this thing adder
in use how do we do this again we just
need to power cycle
it I think it'll try to um run it though
I don't think it's going to work we need
to stop this thing it must be
stopped okay there we
go it might be another IP
though okay that's
good got forward minus 19
e
I mean this is good
wait yeah no that logic makes sense
let's try one more time
[Music]
why is
it it's a face avoiding camera bro what
the
hell but it only ever moves one
way that's the weird thing why does it
only ever move one way
where's the co-pilot on this thing
should I just open this and um
copy bath
[Music]
um oh
wait oh wait wait wait
wait what
[Music]
happened come it's not oh
but I don't see the
um okay so let's pause
it that's was probably
true wait let me just take this out of
here so that then we can just
okay oh what what happened
wa let's be over
here rotation
angle to
um steps
okay if you want to move
90 then it's going to be 90 over
360 times steps per whatever so that's
going to be
um 1,600 okay so it's going to be this
ided by
360 time 1600 steps so this gives us
okay and then we need to also do
this
uh 2
in okay so that's already one big
problem but the other problem is that
even if I'm over here on
the well
here even if I'm over here I'm going to
stay over
there oh wait I need to resume log
cat okay I'm still on the left side of
the screen I pause
it the eror is min okay
so this has a
um error x equal to minus5 effectively
which
is um I don't know doesn't seem exactly
right let's do it again for the right
side and this is
minus yeah and then over here the eror
x is equal to minus minus 39 so that
makes zero sense at
all
so I think that this is not
right can I just do that see this is why
I
don't
care you can't do multiple cursors is
that a thing that's actually happening
to me right now
well that's
weird oh yeah that's
correct so then what is
wrong
okay oh yeah because this is like
definitely wrong what the hell do they
think that is
okay the bbox
center minus the overlay width / two
so if the center is at like zero so can
we log this thing
okay so but if that's like 1080 then
it'll
[Music]
be okay yeah then it'll be
positive and obviously operator
precedence you would expect it but I
don't really
know oh but you know
what no wait but that's not right
actually
because we need to know okay what if I
try to
change
this
to so if I go back to this
thing see how it says input image size
is
um 640 by 360 what if I try to make
this okay can we do this
again for some reason it stopped sending
this thing commands I don't know what
happened is it just that it's
loose
no should marching
along oh but it's getting zero steps
okay so yeah we introduced a
bug wait 2 in what is that returning can
we presumably it's
yeah what
how's
that what does this do
so
weird oh it's working now
okay wait hold
on it's too fast
though check this
out it's to it needs to uh
it's too um reactive
still
okay but I think it is moving in the
right direction
well is it that it's really
overshooting okay what we need to do is
we need to make a
button that we can press on the screen
I don't know how to do
that e
usually ask me to open
okay so let's just just do this and then
find out where we put this
button and presumably it
also
okay for
oh they share a
layout toggle
button what was that
oh it might be this though
wait what
what's the
death yeah I don't know why I had to
rename that
main activity
wait wait
wait no main activity
I have no
idea camera Source demo
activity
what there's no main activity in this
whole
thing that's so weird
Okay so
this has an oncreate I think I can
[Music]
use okay so we're good there
there's just something down
here
this is that right
oh let's just do it again I don't even
care
yeah
what oh is that it are we good to go
please just
be please just do what I want because I
have no idea what the hell is going
on
okay this would be so sick if you can
hack around this thing cuz
again I don't know where all these
things are coming from
but I mean this is crazy man how many of
these are there
wait is this actually working I'm not
even plugged into this
thing oh I guess it's I guess it I guess
it's fine
hell yeah hell yeah
bro
okay so my face is over here and I click
move no
wait it not going
to oh what
I power it
off
damn I thought I had a thing do I have
to be
connected okay
so you see
this and if I move to this side it goes
the other way I don't think it actually
moves enough though
it overshoots by a little
bit the thing is okay so now
wait can I just turn down the
delay is let's make this
100 oh yeah
okay so now can we how do we disable the
uh so now we want to easily be able to
Okay so
okay so that's uh cool and yeah now we
basically want to undo all of
that so where does the actual can we see
that commit
oh no I don't want to do that I want to
just look at
it so
um okay
but what is the actual logic
where oh I just okay so I think that I
can just back in
the
this oh what
I think that's all we need to do
okay I wonder how we can fix
this it's so
insanely maybe I need to take way longer
between
uh what if we did
this oh uh can I just do
this so I really have to unplug
it wait do if I just press this does
that
work I
okay so we're
good oh that's so much better it still
overshoots like crazy cuz it's the thing
is it gets like okay so wait we need to
what we need to do is we need to
so that would be wait every 10th Frame
that would be a third of a second
[Music]
okay
uh uh
is that
it okay then on
success oh yeah we just run this
okay B I'm saying whoa you know what I
could
do well
whatever that's not bad
let's see if I can just
um it still really has a
um e
right the latency is too
high you kind of have to get lucky for
it to um
pretty cool
though all
right so it
works just not well
yeah so
um I'm trying to think what could make
it
faster because the thing is all right if
you send a request to th this it has to
do it
so I guess if you took um a
millisecond every
step is a
millisecond so that
means what is that like a fourth of a
degree 360 over 1600
um
okay so what do we need to do then
um I do really want to buy this stuff so
I feel like I'm going to buy this stuff
okay so I need to go look and see if we
have voltage
Regulators uh yeah I definitely want to
buy this
a4988 uh stepper motor driver with a
heat sink
because
um that would be really sweet if we can
get because then I can redesign the
bottom to like house cuz right now the
bottom just looks like this but presuma
at some
point we can figure out
yeah
um okay so uh so I'm gonna buy
those and then I guess I can hold up I I
really want these though all right so
I'm going to go downstairs and look for
the voltage regulators and the um
and this High current power supply at 12
volts
e
e e
okay so some good news first off I found
a um one of these
Buck things hopefully
it's name is on here interestingly it
has a USB
um [__] it doesn't I knew I should have
taken a picture of its part code that's
so
annoying that's so annoying okay so I'll
go downstairs and get a picture of that
I
guess um and then I found a tub
of motor drivers but I think that these
are not stepper motor drivers
how do DC motors work
what if you look around your house you
will see many devices that have Motors
such as kids toys table fans
toothbrushes hair dryers and this
electric cutting knife but how does the
electric motor work turn it on and
somehow it starts rotating why is that
in this video we'll cover the basics of
electricity and magnets and then put it
all together to understand how the motor
works this video is sponsored by
brilliant battery some wires and a
device that uses electricity such as a
light bulb electricity flows to the
circuit but as soon as there's a break
in The Wire the electricity stops
flowing and the light bulb goes off the
path must be complete for the circuit to
work this is best done to the use of a
switch electricity is Flowing down the
wire this is called conventional flow if
we take the battery out and flip it then
a current will flow the other way the
light bub will still work in either case
but there are some devices that will
work differently depending on which way
the current flows okay so that's the
basics of a circuit now let's come over
here this is a magnet it has a North
Pole and a South Pole and it likes to
attract other metal objects like these
paper clips if you bring another magnet
towards it opposite poles attract and
the same poles repel magnets don't have
to be in the shape for example some
magnets might be more flat like this you
can think of this magnet as always on
it's always working you can't really
turn it off that's why it's sometimes
called a permanent magnet it's made up
of many smaller magnetic domains that
are lined up in the same direction but
later I'll show you a type of magnet
where this is not always the case let's
take one of our Perman magnets and draw
a hole in the center and put it on
something that will allow it to spin now
bring another magnet towards it our
spinning magnet will immediately line up
until opposite Poes are right next to
each other now switch out the side
magnet the same poles repel and opposite
poles attract if we keep switching out
these side magnets spinning magnet will
just keep SP this concept of the
spinning magnet is really important
we'll come back to it in a moment here's
another bul which is not a magnet it's
made up of magnetic domains but they're
pointing in random directions now let's
take a wire wrap it around several times
and then create a circuit the current
through the wires forces the magne Dom
to line up that means we just made a
magnet or more specifically an
electromagnet it can do the same things
that a permanent magnet can you pick a
pieces of metal and it has a north and a
South Pole which will attract or repel
other magnets but the electromagnet is
special in the sense that it can be
turned on or off just like a light you
can't do that with a per magnet now
watch what happens when we flip the
battery the electric current was flowing
this way but now it flows the other way
this will cause the poles on our magnet
to switch places north will become South
and South will become North this is
called reversing the polar of an
electromagnet instead of flipping the
battery an easier way to do this is to
just switch to wires you should be aware
that the electromagnet will get very hot
if it's on for a while just a caution in
case this video inspires any science
projects let's come back to our spinning
magnet this time we'll replace the
spinning magnet with our electromagnet
as soon as we connect the wires the
magnet turns on and it lines up with the
side magnet now in reality connecting
these wires yeah what what time is it
okay yeah we didn't need to leave soon
all
right oh yeah how long have I had this
freaking
um okay well what happened today we got
the face tracking camera kind of working
but uh I want to improve the electronics
now peace